What are you doing?
Getting your beauty best I see?
Are you kidding me?
Is this how you're gonna warn your way back into the hotel?
Which, you should know it wasn't my shit today.
Your precious daughter is supposed to be on duty
of her not mistaken.
Oh, and I slept like a baby,
unlike you who seems they can't sleep
unless they're sharing a bed with someone else's husband.
Well, you're a little brat, you know that?
Keep flapping those lips,
because in a bit of a month or so,
you'll be singing a different tune.
Oh, right, so it's the bed hopping nanny.
Oh, nice, nice.
You're just such a little brat.
You know what, Sarah?
If I were you, I'd stay in school.
That's the only way you're gonna get
any white family support.
Support?
You mean my mother's property, my support?
Your mother's hotel?
Oh, my God, you know it's in bankruptcy
after the reconstruction?
Nobody's gonna want anything to do with you
or your short-term mother.
Mom, how many are we?
You better wise enough and get out of the white family's hair.
Otherwise, you're gonna lose
a lot more than face when you're kicked out.
Come here, everybody.
Mom?
I don't know what it is.
Okay?
Mom, we have to fail.
What?